Edits for style and purpose (#77)
apple/swift-migration-guide: Guide.docc/CommonProblems.md

The compiler only permits these kinds of cross-isolation accesses with
`Sendable` types.
One option is to isolate the variable to a single domain using a global actor.

> But it could also make sense to instead add a conformance to `Sendable`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, it might make sense to add a conformance to `Sendable`
```

}
```

> `Sendable` conformance is part of a type's public API contract,

Reviewer: I personally think the sentence reads really strange without the "A".

```suggestion
A `Sendable` conformance is part of a type's public API contract,
```

which is up to you to declare.

> Because `ColorComponents` is marked `public` it will not implicitly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because `ColorComponents` is marked `public`, it will not implicitly
```

The `updateStyle(backgroundColor:)` function is non-isolated.
This means that its non-`Sendable` parameter is also non-isolated.

> But it crosses immediately from this non-isolated domain to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation crosses immediately from this non-isolated domain to the
```

}
```

> In addition to gaining `Sendable` conformance, actors receive their own

Reviewer: Again I think this still needs an "a"

```suggestion
In addition to gaining a `Sendable` conformance, actors receive their own
```

}
```

You should not feel compelled to remove the use of queues, locks, or other
forms of manual synchronization to integrate with Swift's concurrency system.
However, most types are not inherently thread-safe.
As a general rule, if a type isn't already thread-safe, attempting to make
it `Sendable` should not be your first approach.
It is often easier to try other techniques first, falling back to
manual synchronization only when truly necessary.

#### Sendable Reference Types

It is possible for reference types to be validated as `Sendable` without
the `unchecked` qualifier, but this is only done under very narrow circumstances.

> To allow checked `Sendable` conformance, a class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow a checked `Sendable` conformance, a class:
```
